what's going on the guys come here and
welcome welcome welcome on this Monday
now I don't know how many of you have
already you know vacation but I myself
do so Monday's don't really bother me
now but hopefully if you have a messed
up monday maybe this video is going to
make you feel a bit better now from the
title you guys can see how easy is this
and I will get into the topic in a
couple of seconds but first and foremost
I want to apologize for not uploading
yesterday I just kind of needed a little
bit of a break I was really tired and
whenever I was playing recording I found
myself just quitting out of every lobby
I was just really not bored but I didn't
want to game and I forced myself and
that feeling kept with me up until
yesterday so that's why and it happened
with every game I got a medal of honor I
didn't even get into a game and I was
just like now I can't do this and same
thing with black ops and model 142
whatever I tried I just didn't feel like
gaming so I do apologize for not
uploading yesterday and if you guys of
course at the end of every video if you
wouldn't mind clicking that like button
if you if you really enjoyed the video I
would appreciate that very much and
leave you guys's comments on whatever
topic I decide to talk about on every
video because your feedback is amazing
and I really want to you know connect
with you guys a little bit more but you
know the when you go on black ops and it
says on the bottom right hand corner
you're like nat type it's either
moderate or open or I think there's also
like restricted or something like that
but it's either between moderate or open
now what I found out is that whenever my
net type just like in this game is a
moderate I run into literally the same
fucking 50 people every every single
time my net site needs to be open and
the way that you open the net type is by
going into the campaign playing for a
bit and then going back to the
multiplayer and that's supposed to open
to that type but doesn't always work
sometimes it doesn't work but most of
the time it does so yeah I I didn't feel
like you know going into that and
opening it I just wanted to get a quick
gameplay and share my thoughts with you
guys on this setup which is the ak-74
you with rapid fire and until you start
and before you start shitting on me for
using this setup just hear me out so I
run into
nevermind net type isn't moderate I run
into basically the same bunch of people
and literally the biggest assholes I
ever saw in history of call of duty
we're talking about aks-74u rapid fire
we're talking about ghosts and second
chance we're talking about campers I
mean that's some crazy shit so this is
the first gameplay that I got wood
aks-74u rapid fire and I just want to
show you guys how easy it is how easy it
is to literally get a good gameplay on
your first run all you have to do is get
a key seven for you with rapid fire or
the npl with rapid fire or quite frankly
any SMG rapid fire whenever I hear the
ak-74 you sound with rapid fire I feel
like throwing up it's really super
annoying to me I hate it and this guy
got a haircut you saw that I sliced his
top of his head right off that was
pretty funny but yeah this is just to
prove it to you guys how easy it is with
this setup and I had no satisfaction
using it but I was just like and my it's
quite ironic because my emblem and over
here of course the host my grades quite
I run it because my emblem says no
aks-74u but i just wanted to basically
to share with you guys my views on
rapid-fire weapons I don't like them I
don't like rapid-fire weapons I don't
think that s mg's need quite a quite a
boost maybe in terms of ammo capacity
like the PM 63 from 20 clip go up to I
don't know maybe 30 or something like
that that's that's a boost that I
understand but putting rapid-firing
weapons really annoys me and i did a
video on it earlier so my views on Rapa
find this is actually a nice clip to
edits with the occasion for you a nice
triple spray although this guy breaks my
feet with the npl and it it really is
black ops at this point in a game its
rapid fire warfare that that's all it is
all you see is Spectre rapid fire mp5k
rapid-fire rapid-fire rapid-fire
everywhere so that's why I use the guns
that I use like the Uzi the Mac 11 just
to break the monotony of you know the
rapid-fire weapons sometimes when I run
out of ammo of course i'll pick up a
rapid-fire weapon i don't have a choice
maybe I'm gonna use my secondary but you
know I tend to stay away from from these
types of weapons again this is just to
show you guys how lethal this
combination is and it's it okay the
farmers is there as well pharmacist is
pretty good too but I don't think that
it can
okay long range it can of course outgun
the the seven for you but you know 70
for you is used to medium to close range
encounters all you gotta do is spray and
pray like hips with the steady aim and
stuff you don't even have to reload it's
it's it's kind of crazy but you know
it's in a game what are you gonna do and
also if you guys because I'm not gonna
have a fucking choice I'm going to be in
the hospital this friday till God knows
when and then when i come home i have
rehabilitation so I'm pretty much gonna
be bound to my room for like the next
month or a month and a half so you know
preparations for black ops if you black
ops 2 if you want to prepare for black
ops 2 I suggest you get off my 153
because the maps in black ops 2 are
going to be similar to the ones in black
ops which is there going to be modeled
from you know call duty black ops
they're not gonna be super close
quarters like they are like bunch of
alleyways like they are in modern
warfare 3 know they're gonna be same
kind of open ish little buildings here
and there type a deal in black ops 2
just like in black ops so if you really
want to prepare for black ops 2 and
you're worried about your quote-unquote
KD I suggest you get accustomed with
black ops 2 maps because if you get too
much use to my tonfa three you're gonna
get fucking slaughtered on black ops 2
but you know that's just my that's just
my opinion that's just kind of a tip
that I have for you guys and yeah it's
pretty easy and look I run out of them
or myself or you and boom there's a
famas with red thought that I could that
I picked up there's npl without rapid
fire which is highly surprising to me
see whenever I use the APL I say fuck
rapid fire I always use the door mag
because I hit running out of ammo that
way I could use my flak jacket or
whatever the hell it is that i use and
I'm a happy gamer so couple of factors
that have to that have that come into
this is rapid fire a good lobby Iggy
something for you and 1 32 inches so
hope you guys enjoy please give this
video a thumbs up leave a comment what
you guys think about the whole situation
and i will see you sexy legends next
time or later with a meadow run or
upload maybe i'm gonna get it maybe I
don't so hopefully I will get a game for
you later so take her